Update AdvancedConfiguration.stories.mdx (#28041)
microsoft/fluentui: apps/public-docsite-v9/src/Concepts/AdvancedConfiguration.stories.mdx

}
```

### IdPrefixProvider 

>  Having multiple applications using `FluentProvider` on a single web page can cause interop problems. This will result in styling to be lost on one or multiple components that are using fluent ui.
>  The problem can be solved by adding the `IdPrefixProvider` component around the `FluentProvider`.
> 
> ```jsx
> <IdPrefixProvider value="APP1-">
>   <FluentProvider>
>     {/* app provider */}
>   </FluentProvider>
> </IdPrefixProvider>
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Having multiple applications using `FluentProvider` on a single web page can cause interop problems when they come from different bundles, more details in [microsoft/fluentui#26496](https://github.com/microsoft/fluentui/pull/26496).

Adding the `IdPrefixProvider` component around the `FluentProvider` will resolve the issue of losing styling on components and IDs collisions in an application.

```jsx
import { IdPrefixProvider, FluentProvider } from '@fluentui/react-components';
import * as React from 'react';

function MyApp() {
  return (
    <IdPrefixProvider value="APP1-">
      <FluentProvider>{/* children */}</FluentProvider>
    </IdPrefixProvider>
  );
}
```
````
